Loderunner Cycle 2 report and Cycle 3 plans:

Team #  20        Members:Bo Peng, Xiaomo Wang


CYCLE 2 REPORT:

Which user stories did your team successfully implement and test?
6.When the user press "P" key in the game, the program will pause(all enemies and the hero are stop moving)
7.When the user press "right" key in the game while the hero is standing on the floor, the hero moves right.
8.When the user press "left" key in the game while the hero is standing on the floor, the hero moves left.
9.When the user press "up" key in the game while the hero is on the ladder, the hero moves up.
10.When the user press "down" key in the game while the hero is on the ladder, the hero moves down.
13.When the hero hits the wall or touch the edge of the floor, it can't go though, but just stopping on it's current position.
(only the wall part)
15.When the hero is killed, the life icon(number) minus one when hero dies.
17.When the hero is killed, the hero and the enemy will be reset to its original position.
23.When the burger dropped on the enemy, the enemy is killed.
24.When the burger is dropping while the enemy is standing on that burger, the enemy is killed.

Which stories were in your plans, but did not get done?  Describe the state of each.
12.When the hero touches enemy, the hero will be killed.
19.When the burger is dropped on the plate, the score increases.
20.When the hero steps on the burger part which is not stepped before, the score increases.
(finish the implementations of all of the three method, cannot figure out where to call these methods)
11.When the user press "space" key in the game while the hero is on the floor, the hero will put pepper to the direction which he is facing to.
(not start)


What research experiments did your team do as you learn about technologies?
Both of us googled the way to add a listener to a component that is not a typical JButton.



Briefly describe the main contributions of each team member during Cycle 2.
Peng Bo: finish some of the burger and enemy parts.
Xiaomo Wang:finished some of the Listener and hero parts.

CYCLE 3 PLANS:


USER STORIES:
2.When the user finishes current level, load next level file.
3.When the hero's life is 0, the program will record the score and ask user's name.
4.When the user press "U" key in the game, the program will load next level file.
5.When the user press "D" key in the game, the program will load previous level file.
11.When the user press "space" key in the game while the hero is on the floor, the hero will put pepper to the direction which he is facing to.
(if there is any pepper left)
12.When the hero touches enemy, the hero will be killed.
13.When the hero hits the wall or touch the edge of the floor, it can't go though, but just stopping on it's current position.
14.When the enemy is stunned, the hero can go though without getting hurt.
16.When the hero touches the pepper icon, the number of pepper increase 1.
18.When the enemy is killed by the user, the score increases.
19.When the burger is dropped on the plate, the score increases.
20.When the hero steps on the burger part which is not stepped before, the score increases.
21.When the hero is moving, the enemy will try to move to the player's position.
22.When the hero is not moving, the enemy will try to move to the player's position.
25.When the enemy touches the pepper, it is stunned.
26.When the enemy is killed, it return to its original position after several seconds.
27.When the enemy touches the wall or gets to the edge of the floor, it turns back.
28.When the hero steps on the burger component but not totally through it, the burger component will slides down a little bit.
29.When the hero walks though a burger component, the burger component will fall into next floor.
30.When the burger component is touched another burger component, the falling component stays on the floor and the touched component falls into
next floor.

List the user stories that you plan to implement in Cycle 3:
Xiaomo Wang:
3
11
12
13
14
16
18
21
22
25
26
27


Bo Peng:
2
4
5
19
20
29
30


RESEARCH:   
What information/techniques does your team need to research, and who is assigned to investigate what?







MISC:
Describe any other aspects of your plans for cycle 3.